[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you my exam morning routine
so as soon as I wake up I will go and
brush my teeth and I will also use this
Jade roller which is really good for
reducing puffiness and redness on your
skin and it's also really relaxing to do
in the mornings next I will make my bed
[Music]
and then I will go and have a shower and
most mornings I will not wash my hair
but this morning I did need to wash it
and whilst it dries I will just clip my
fringe back with some bobby pins and
then I put on some face cream
[Music]
I will then go and make myself some tea
and my very favorite tea is the
dragonfly I'll grate rooibos one it's so
amazing and I like to have porridge on
exam mornings because it gives you loads
of slurries energy and it means that you
don't get hungry halfway through the
exam which you definitely do not want to
happen I like to make my own almond milk
and also some banana and cinnamon and I
stabbed it with coconut peanut butter
and blueberries
and because it's me of course I'm
listening to classical music in the
morning because it really calms me down
and I really do like to stay calm on
exam mornings and I also read over
breakfast
[Music]
after that I will get on with some very
light revision so I like to go through
maybe a Quizlet set that I was finding
difficult to remember
[Music]
and also read through some past essays
so after that I will be done with
revision for the morning I don't do very
much on the morning of an exam but one
thing I do like to do is read I
particularly like to read Harry Potter
in the morning before exams if I am
nervous so I love reading the
illustrated editions by Jim Kay
they are fantastic as you can see and
again it just helps to calm me down it's
all about having a slow calm restful
morning on the day of an exam for me so
then the next thing I will do since my
hair is now dry is actually go and put
my hat up and I'm listening to all my
favourite songs which is a piano piece
of Once Upon a December from Anastasia
so I like to do my hair in these two
plats it's kind of like a French braid
but with a with but where you twist your
hair instead of plaited it and I really
like to do this because even though it
takes a little while longer to do my
hair like this I like to feel smart when
I do an exam and having my hair off my
face like this in a very neat hairstyle
just helps to keep me motivated and this
is also why I like to wear something
quite old-fashioned and very smart on
the day of an exam
then I would check to make sure that
I've got everything packed in my bag put
on my shoes and my key of course and
then I will put in my headphones so that
I can listen to a revision recording on
the walk to the example and then I'm out
the door
so thank you so much for watching this
exam warning routine I hope that you
found it helpful and I hope that you
have a productive week
[Music]